{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red50\green98\blue178;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;\csgenericrgb\c19608\c38431\c69804;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19300\viewh12720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Data Science Intern take-home test\
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Dear Candidate,\
\
we are pleased to present your recruiting challenge. Dataset named 'UKretail.csv' contains a sample of transaction level data of a UK-based and registered non-store online retail.The company mainly sells unique all-occasion gifts. Many customers of the company are wholesalers. Data span the period between 2010-12-01 and 2011-12-09 and stem from the UCI Machine Learning Repository (publicly available).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Your task:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
Build a predictive model explaining either time until next order or revenue of next order for any customer. Selection is yours!\
All exploratory techniques and predictive models are allowed, as long as: \
\
- you present only one solution / model, written in form of code\
- you use both R (at least 25% of your code) and Python (at least 50% of your code). You are free to use any CRAN packages. As for Python, it's best to stick to packages included in latest release of Anaconda\
- if you produce visuals / graphs, entire related code needs to be included\
- your predictors are extracted only from given dataset. No external data are allowed\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 A few hints:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
- please keep your solution concise and limited to relevant outputs only\
- you can attach text comments to your solution either in the code or in a separate text file\
- exploratory data analysis and validation are part of the model\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Attribute Information:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
InvoiceNo: Invoice number. Nominal, a 6-digit integral number uniquely assigned to each transaction. If this code starts with letter 'c', it indicates a cancellation. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
StockCode: Product (item) code. Nominal, a 5-digit integral number uniquely assigned to each distinct product. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Description: Product (item) name. Nominal. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Quantity: The quantities of each product (item) per transaction. Numeric.	\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
InvoiceDate: Invoice Date and time. Numeric, the day and time when each transaction was generated. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
UnitPrice: Unit price. Numeric, Product price per unit in sterling. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CustomerID: Customer number. Nominal, a 5-digit integral number uniquely assigned to each customer. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Country: Country name. Nominal, the name of the country where each customer resides.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
We expect this test to take a couple of hours, but feel free to take as little or as much time as you like. One of our data scientists will then perform a code review and in next stage we might ask questions about your approach and results.\
\
Good luck!\
Your recruiting team}